[opening theme playing]
KOTARO LIVES ALONE
[birds cooing]
[doorbell rings]
WHO IS THE NEW RESIDENT?
Greetings.
-Hi there. My name is Aota.
-[upbeat music playing]
Pleasure to meet you.
Just wanted to stop by
to say I'll be renting Room 103
for the next month.
In that case, welcome to you, sir.
One month is a rather short time
to rent a room.
Well, I'm only staying here for business,
hence the quick trip.
Here. This is for you. Enjoy.
A kind gesture, indeed.
The sign on your door says "Kotaro."
Is that you?
Aye. That is correct.
I know we just met,
but I have a teeny little favor
to ask if you don't mind.
[Kotaro] A favor?
[Aota] Yes, please!
I hate traveling for business by myself.
Will you be my friend while I'm here?
-[Kotaro] Uh…
-See, I get so lonely.
And unfamiliar places
make me real anxious.
All right.
Really? Thank you!
Right, then. I better go say hi
to the rest of my neighbors.
I'll see you soon. Bye!
-[Kotaro] Aye.
-[Aota chuckles]
[keys jangling]
-[door opens]
-[Karino] Hmm?
Ah, Sir Karino. Home, at last, I see.
[Karino] You heading to the bathhouse?
A little early, isn't it?
Indeed. Sir Aota and I are going.
Wait. Is Aota that guy who moved into 103?
Yes. He shall be
accompanying me to the bathhouse
for the extend of his stay here.
Huh?
Even though I had never promised I would
go to the bathhouse with you every day,
I thought you deserved this courtesy.
Huh? 'Kay,
So you understand,
I will not be going to the bathhouse
with you for the next month.
Yeah, yeah. I get it.
[Kotaro] Do not be jealous.
-[grunts] Well, I'm not!
[Kotaro] In addition,
Sir Aota will be picking me up
and dropping me off at school.
Consequently, your assistance
will not be needed.
Yeah, yeah! Okay!
I get it! Do whatever you want!
[Kotaro] Jealousy…
You're being ridiculous. So ridiculous!
BATH
[Aota] Mr. Karino from Room 202
normally comes with you. Right?
[Kotaro] Aye.
I have told him it is not necessary.
However, he does not like it
when I go out on my own in the evening.
Oh?
-[clattering]
-[Aota] Kotaro, check this out!
[muffled] Well, how do I look?
-[cute music playing]
-[Kotaro gasping]
You look exactly like
"Bubble Beard Tonosaman!"
Good eye.
I guess you've done it before too.
[Aota coughing]
[Kotaro] Take heed!
Swallowing bubbles can be quite dangerous.
[bag rustling]
[Kotaro] "Aho-uke" is a regional treat
from the town I grew up in.
-It is my most favorite afternoon snack!
-[twinkling]
Oh, a coworker suggested it.
Glad it has your seal of approval.
I gotta tell you, they are pretty good!
[grunts]
-[Kotaro gasping]
-[Aota] Mmm.
What a coincidence!
I used to eat them the exact same way!
[Aota] Really?
Great minds think alike.
[Kotaro] Indeed, they do.
Would you check out that rain?
It's really coming down out there.
[gasps] Wait.
-[rain pattering making musical notes]
-[Aota] Ta-da!
[chuckles] The rain can turn
regular pots, pans, and bowls
into your very own symphony!
Hmm?
[Kotaro] Indeed.
-[birds chirping]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[Aota] Mr. Karino!
-[yawning]
Oh. Hey, Aota.
I just…
I appreciate you taking Kotaro
to the bathhouse and school every day.
So, thanks.
It's all good.
I actually asked Kotaro
to keep me company.
Plus, you were doing it for a while.
Thought you might need a break.
Hey. Can I ask you, how much
do you really know about that kid?
[Karino] Hmm. What do you mean?
Like, why he lives
in an apartment all alone.
How can he afford it?
Where are his parents?
I tried asking him, you know,
but he changed the subject.
[Karino] So you're asking me?
Yeah. I figured
you would know him best out of--
-[Karino] I wouldn't tell you if I knew.
-[chuckles] Huh?
If he says he doesn't wanna talk about it,
then maybe you should respect that.
[exhales]
I guess you're right. My bad.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello? This is Aota.
-[tense music playing]
Sorry to be calling so late.
I haven't figured out
all of the details just yet,
but I am sure of one thing.
I found the kid.
I found your son.
[birds chirping]
[growling]
[doorbell ringing obnoxiously]
Oh, gee. Wonder who that could be.
What is the meaning of this?
Who does that guy think he is. Huh?
-Just what makes him so special anyway?
-[Karino] What guy?
-[Isamu] Aota! The guy from apartment 103!
-[Karino] Huh?
He came out of nowhere, so how come
he's Kotaro's best friend already?
It's like he's trying
to make me jealous or something.
[yelling obnoxiously]
Okay. So are you basically trying to say
that you don't trust the guy either?
Huh? What's to trust?
I knew that guy was sketchy
the second he moved in here.
[Karino] Yeah?
[Isamu] I could tell
just by looking at him.
There's something not right
about that guy.
But Kotaro really seems to like him.
And I don't wanna do anything
that would make him upset with me again!
No!
-Um, you should know.
-Huh?
[Karino] Yesterday…
[doorbell rings]
[Aota] Coming.
Time to go to the bathhouse already?
[crickets chirping]
Hey there.
I'm Isamu from next door.
Oh, hi. What can I do--
I hear you've been asking
a whole lot of questions about Kotaro.
You're a private eye. Right?
I don't understand.
-I'm not-- Huh?
-[paper rustling]
[Isamu] I know how this works,
so don't play dumb with me.
You're gonna tell me what I wanna know.
[Karino grunts]
This is like a scene
from one of those mob movies.
His dad hired me.
[Isamu] Huh?
[Aota] Look. All I know is I got a request
from this guy who wanted me
to find his son who'd run away.
[both gasping]
-It didn't take much digging.
-[tense music playing]
You know, to find a listing
with Kotaro's new address
along with the restraining order
against his father.
I think maybe that's why he's so secretive
and doesn't really like
to talk about his past.
But I bet smart guys like you
figured this out months ago.
So you're saying you're gonna
tell his dad where he's at?
Yeah. That's my job.
It's nothing personal.
Besides, that restraining order
means Kotaro is protected by the law.
-[Isamu] Oh, you little rat!
-[Karino] Isamu!
All you care about is getting paid!
[Aota] Sure I do. What's wrong with that?
And if you were being honest
with yourselves,
you'd realize a kid as young as he is
can't be happy living all by himself.
He needs someone to take care of him.
-A real parent.
-[unsettling music playing]
[Aota] You guys are just his neighbors.
You're not his family.
And you have no right
to stop me from turning in my report.
Sir Aota, time to go--
You slimy bastard!
[music stops]
What are you doing, Sir Tamaru?
Just stand down, you bully!
[Isamu grunting]
[groans]
[Kotaro] I apologize for them, Sir Aota.
Shall we away to the bathhouse?
[Aota] Let's go.
-[light switch clicks]
-[footsteps approaching]
[door closes]
[Aota] And if you were being honest,
you'd realize a kid as young as he is
can't be happy living all by himself.
[wind whooshing]
[somber music playing]
[Aota] Can't believe it's already
been a whole week since I moved in
and we started hanging out.
Time flies when you are having fun.
[Aota] I know I leave soon,
but we should stay in touch
after I'm gone.
[Kotaro] Sir Aota?
Hmm? What's up?
[crickets chirping]
Are you going to tell my father
that you have found me?
[gasps]
[doorbell rings]
[door opens]
[Kotaro] Morning, Sir Karino.
We must be leaving for school.
What?
[Kotaro] It has been some time
since we walked together.
I assumed you must be lonely.
What happened to Aota?
He is no longer here.
He was called away on urgent duty
sometime this morning
and left the apartment.
Huh?
-What? What do you mean he left?
-[Karino panting]
Hang on!
Are you telling me we scared him off
and now he's on his way
to tell Kotaro's dad where he is?
Yeah. I do.
That's why I ran
as fast as I could to get back here!
We're out of time!
Hey. What's going on, guys?
-[indistinct muttering]
-[dramatic music playing]
-Listen!
-[all gasping]
From this point on,
we won't be leaving Kotaro's side
for a single second!
I don't get it.
Even if it is his job,
why would he do this?
He knows that Kotaro
will be in danger if his dad finds him.
I guess all that time he spent
with Kotaro really meant nothing to him.
He was just pretending to care
to get information.
He's dead! That heartless jerk!
I wanna do it too!
[kids clamoring]
Kotaro, come on! Let's play!
[birds chirping]
[sighs] What is the meaning of this?
We're just trying
to keep an eye on things.
We're protecting you. That's all.
Protecting?
This is absurd.
I am perfectly capable
of protecting myself.
We know, but there's safety in numbers.
Isn't that what they say?
[Karino] Exactly. So don't worry about it.
[crickets chirping]
[all] Hmm?
[Kotaro] Was I not clear
when I said I do not need protection?
Stop treating me like I am a weak child!
[all] Kotaro!
[Mizuki] Wait. Is he mad at us?
Why would he be mad at us?
We were only doing our best
to look out for him.
[Kotaro grunting]
[knocking on door]
[Karino] Hey. You got a minute?
[Kotaro] State your business here!
You are interrupting my workout.
[Karino] Are you upset?
[Kotaro] I do not need your protection!
[Karino] Can I ask you something?
You don't have to answer
if you don't want to.
Why do you wanna live by yourself?
[Kotaro] To become stronger.
Become stronger?
Then what?
Would you just keep living on your own?
[Kotaro] No.
-Then why--
-[Kotaro] Enough questions.
I am busy right now!
[emotional music playing]
[Isamu] How was he
when you dropped him off at school today?
Still mad?
[Karino] That's one way to put it.
He said the only reason he still let me
walk with him is that he gave his word.
He won't even look me in the eye anymore.
You know, if him getting stronger
isn't about him
getting better at living on his own,
then maybe it's about him
getting strong enough
to protect himself from his dad.
If that's the case,
then I feel really bad for Kotaro.
[footsteps approaching]
[all] Huh?
[all gasping]
You again, huh?
Where the heck have you been?
I was reporting to my client. Why?
-Let me at him! [grunting]
-Isamu, calm down!
[groans] Did you really tell him
where Kotaro lives?
Of course.
That was the job I was hired for.
Hey, Kotaro.
[all gasping]
Sir Aota, what an unexpected surprise.
Yeah. For me too. Are you going somewhere?
Aye. Sir Takuya and I
are meeting at a nearby park.
[Aota] Oh. Mind if I tag along?
[Kotaro] You are most welcome.
Why don't you three come along too.
And then maybe we can
continue having this little chat.
[all scoffing]
[Karino] So how did his father react
when you told him you found Kotaro?
[Aota] He was pretty excited.
I imagine he'll be on his way
by tomorrow at the latest.
[Mizuki] Tomorrow?
[Isamu] What do we do?
Help Kotaro escape?
[Aota] I don't think that'll be necessary.
-[Karino] What?
-[Isamu] Hmm?
My job was to find him.
That didn't include
giving out his address.
[Karino] Huh?
[Aota] My coworker owns
an apartment building.
I gave Kotaro's dad
the address to one of the empty units.
You don't have to worry about him.
He's not in any immediate danger.
[Mizuki] Why did you do that?
[sighs]
[Aota inhales deeply]
[Aota] Let's just say Kotaro's not
the only one who had a rough childhood.
-[all gasp]
-[Aota] I may be a slimy bastard…
…but I'm not completely heartless.
[scoffs] Still doesn't excuse
the fact that you lied.
-Maybe, but Kotaro knew I was lying.
-[somber music playing]
He asked me point-blank about his dad.
[all gasp]
[Aota] His father told me
all the games they used to play,
his favorite snacks and shows.
I used them to become his friend.
-[Takuya grunting playfully]
-[Aota] I guess I gave myself away.
I underestimated that kid.
He saw right through me.
He's pretty clever, that one.
When he asked me about it,
I told him he was wrong.
Then…
[gasps]
[Kotaro] Sir Aota, I am begging you.
I want you to tell my father
to please wait until I am strong enough.
[Aota] I didn't know what to say.
I told him I would relay the message.
Be strong enough.
So it was to protect himself
against his dad, after all.
-[Takuya screams]
-[all gasp]
[sobbing]
[Kotaro] 'Tis foolish
to panic over an ant.
Acting this way will make you appear weak.
You sound just like my dad.
Also, what's so great about being strong?
[Kotaro sighs] Well, your father
is a wise man. You should listen to him.
[Takuya] What are you, a dad expert?
You don't even live with your dad.
[Kotaro] If you remain weak,
there will come a day
where you will no longer be able
to live with your parents, like me.
Uh, what does that mean?
[Kotaro] If I hadn't been weak,
I would've been enough
to help my father fight the darkness.
In order for me
to live with him again one day,
I must become stronger.
He thinks his dad's behavior is his fault
because he was too weak?
"It's my fault.
If I was stronger, if I was better,
then maybe my parents
will be able to love me."
I used to think
that way too, a long time ago.
[Takuya] Bye!
[Aota] I thought
I was in the wrong, not my father.
Kotaro thinks if he gets strong enough,
one day his father will change.
Stop mistreating him, love him,
and they'll be a family again.
Honestly, some people
aren't meant to be fathers.
I don't think there's anything
that can change that.
Come on. I'll race you home.
[Kotaro] Hmm?
[Karino] Last one there's
a rotten egg! [panting]
[Kotaro groans] That's cheating!
Uh, why the heck is Karino doing that?
[Karino panting]
How did I lose?
Your chances of winning
were nigh impossible.
I workout every day.
Okay. So what's your plan anyway?
You try to get stronger all by yourself?
Indeed. Doing things by myself
will help increase my strength.
That's a lie!
You need a rival!
Someone to push you
and help make you stronger!
Rival?
That's right. I may not have been
strong enough to win the race today.
However, together…
we'll get even stronger!
[inspiring music playing]
Aye! We will get stronger together!
Yeah, but starting tomorrow. I'm tired.
My, this is a pathetic sight.
[groans]
Hey, Karino. Sweet as that was,
it doesn't really solve anything.
But you know that. Don't you?
Yeah.
That may be,
but until the day he figures it out,
I wanna be there
to help him get stronger mentally.
I don't just mean physically.
So that he can overcome all his hardships.
[both gasping]
Hmm.
[Isamu] Stop putting on a front.
You're stealing my lines.
I was gonna say that.
[Karino] Huh? Oh, uh, sorry.
[Aota] Gotta say, Karino.
You really are out of shape.
Sir Karino will need these protein shakes
to help grow muscles.
[man] You ever get
one of those flower marks on your test?
[man 2] Huh?
You know, the flower marks that teachers
put on tests when you're in kindergarten.
My, uh, kid used to bring home
those flowers all the time.
[man 2] I didn't know you had a kid.
Yeah. My ex-wife got custody.
We split up when he was just a little kid.
Haven't really spent
too much time with him since then.
Great. Can you focus now?
Less talking about your son
and more acting
like the client's son to scam some money.
[man] Yeah, yeah.
-Let's see. An old couple, huh?
-[phone ringing]
[Kotaro] Hello?
Uh, Mom? It's me. You gotta help me!
I'm in some real trouble. I need you, bad!
[Kotaro] What kind of trouble?
[man] Is this a kid?
Uh, maybe he's the old couple's grandson.
[Kotaro] The residents
of this house are out.
I was asked
to guard their home in their stead.
[man scoffs] No prob.
Kids are easy to scam.
Oh, man. I'm in a rush.
Uh, do you know when they'll be back?
[Kotaro] A rush you say? Your troubles
must be worse than I thought.
Yeah.
-[Kotaro] I see.
-Yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
So when do you expect them to come back?
[Kotaro] Oh, sorry, sorry.
I believe they will return
in about five minutes.
Oh, that's great!
I'll just call back later.
[chuckles nervously]
[phone rings]
[Kotaro] Hello. It is I.
-[whimsical music playing]
-So I guess they're not back yet, huh?
[Kotaro] Unfortunately not.
They should be back soon.
Another five minutes.
I fear it is still me.
They will definitely be home
in the next five minutes.
Hello again, good sir.
Okay. What's the deal here, kid.
Are your parents
ever gonna come home or aren't they?
[Kotaro] Actually, I do not know.
[man] What is with this brat?
[Kotaro] While we wait, if you'd like
you can relay your troubles to me.
I am in kindergarten,
but I am a very good listener.
Huh? Who leaves
a kindergartner home alone?
-[Kotaro] I am often home alone.
-[melancholy music playing]
Since I am also living by myself.
Living by yourself?
Uh, where are your parents?
Uh, you know, your mom and dad?
[Kotaro] Uh, they do not live with me.
[man] Seriously? What deadbeats.
Then again,
who am I to judge?
Go, number four! Go! Come on!
Ugh! What are you doing? Go!
[Kotaro] You mentioned
some trouble that you were in.
Um, well, I…
I made a little mistake at work,
and it's gonna cost
a whole lot of money to fix it.
[Kotaro] So this is about money?
I happen to know
a thing or two about saving money.
The other day, I traveled 40 minutes
out of my way to a grocery store
merely to get a good deal on eggs!
Isn't that something? Amazing, right?
[man] Uh, yeah.
Back to me here, kid.
Do you plan on delivering my message?
[Kotaro] Sorry. I just wanted
to talk with you a little longer.
What a waste of time. I'm hanging up--
[Kotaro] Your voice sounded
like my father when he was kind to me.
[man squeezing phone]
[Kotaro] Also, I wonder
if I may ask a favor of you?
Will you please say the following?
"You're doing a great job. How fantastic."
[man] I really was a lousy father.
You're, uh, doing a great job.
How fantastic.
[Kotaro] Aye.
Thank you, sir!
[phone clicks]
[man 2] Huh?
[man sighs heavily]
Life was way easier
when we got flower marks.
[man 2] Maybe you should think
about another line of work.
Welcome back, Sir Landlord.
How was your shopping trip with your son?
Did you enjoy yourselves?
[birds chirping]
[Kotaro] Your business trip
has almost come to an end.
[Aota] Yeah. One month goes by fast, huh?
[door slams]
My underwear is gone!
[all gasping]
I can help you look.
Quick. Describe them to me in detail.
[Kotaro] How does one's underwear
go missing?
Okay. Well, I put them in the basket
so I can wash them later,
and when I looked just now
they weren't there.
[both] Unwashed underwear?
He's so upset by this. It's just adorable.
If you wanted, I could investigate.
[Mizuki gasps] Oh, right.
You find lost things for a living.
I will assist you as well!
Detective Kotaro!
[both] Whoa!
Now let's see…
[whimsical music playing]
Hmm.
Do you always leave that window open?
[Mizuki] Just once in a while.
You know, to let some air in.
Uh, I think I found them
on Karino's balcony.
-[Karino groans]
-[Isamu growls]
[Mizuki shuddering]
[Karino] I didn't do it! I'm being framed!
You gotta believe me!
Wow, Karino!
Who knew you were that kind of perv?
So you finally show
your true colors, you cad.
What? How dare you, you traitor!
[Aota] Hmm. This is the work of a cat.
[all gasping]
The cat must've entered
through the open window,
then taken the underwear outside
to play in the sun.
When it was finished, it simply abandoned
it's toy on Karino's balcony and ran off.
I'm pretty sure
that's your thief down there.
It's Sir Hanbe!
I found some tufts of fur inside.
And studies show that cats have been known
to be attracted to human pheromones.
[Mizuki] Wow. Really? [chuckles]
Guess it was a cat, then.
[Karino] There. See?
I told you I didn't do it.
-[Kotaro] You're a masterful detective!
-[Mizuki] Sorry. Don't be mad. Okay?
Thank you, but what I do
really should not be praised.
Turns out
I spend a lot of time deceiving people.
Deceiving?
[doorbell rings]
[door opens]
[Aota] Hey, Kotaro.
That's a lot of bags.
It is urgent. All my boxes are missing!
[Aota] Boxes?
Indeed. They seem to have
mysteriously disappeared from my room.
I request your assistance
to help investigate.
I shall wait here for your return.
I am counting on you.
[Aota] This seems weird to me, but…
Huh?
[bell chimes]
[Aota] Ink?
Boxes? Oh yeah.
I borrowed them from Kotaro's,
but it looks like
they're not here anymore, I guess.
[Aota] Huh? A familiar perfume.
Oh. Boxes?
Yes. I took them from Karino's place,
but it looks like they're gone.
Oh, hey.
I found these sunglasses in their place.
Yeah. These are my sunglasses you found.
I needed some boxes,
so I borrowed them from Mizuki's place.
But, see? Now they're missing.
So, I bet you took them.
No. I didn't take them.
[Isamu] Well, then I guess you won't mind
if I search your room.
[Aota] Uh, sure. If you have to.
-You solved the mystery!
-[upbeat music playing]
Huh? W-what's going on here?
It's a "surprise going-away party."
It was Kotaro's idea.
He said it would be nice
if we all got together to say goodbye.
[Aota] "Going-away party"?
I hope you enjoyed the investigation.
Oh, um…
Is that a box? The missing box?
Correct. It is a present for you.
Huh. A present?
If I may say…
I knew that when we met,
our friendship
was strictly a matter of business,
but the job my father sent you here to do
has been finished for quite a while.
And even still you have kept me company
to this very day.
Therefore, I have officially concluded
that our friendship has blossomed
well beyond the scope of work obligations,
and we have become
genuine friends, you and I.
[Aota grunts]
[Kotaro] One detective to another,
do you agree with my findings?
[Aota] A magnifying glass…
Incredible… [chuckles lightly]
…Detective Kotaro.
[chuckles lightly]
[ending theme music playing]
[music fades]